Change NoOps to SQLite across all project folders (#959)
fermyon/developer: content/spin/v2/see-what-people-have-built-with-spin.md

- [Accessing external APIs](https://www.fermyon.com/blog/spin-rest-apis)

## SQLiteite Storage Using Javascript

> Check out our [NoOps and Serverless Are the Perfect Pair](https://www.fermyon.com/blog/noops-and-serverless-are-the-perfect-pair) blog article that provides an SQLiteite Storage example (using Javascript).

Author: ```suggestion
Check out our [NoOps and Serverless Are the Perfect Pair](https://www.fermyon.com/blog/noops-and-serverless-are-the-perfect-pair) blog article that provides an SQLite database example (using Javascript).
```
